Silver Hook
Shen Yun Hidden
Really good word
Can write such good words
From ancient times to the present, I am afraid that only the scholar Wang Xizhi
Why didn't I know you could still write?
Mr. Su, there are many shining spots in the city
Even an outsider can feel it
And you never looked him in the eye for three years
How would you know that he has so many tricks
Is that so?
So?
So what if it's not
Mr. Su can still turn back
And so forth.
It's a really good word
But the writing is too sharp
Shen Yun is too domineering
Under the vague feeling
Even feel
An iron-blooded killing aura is coming
Such a scene
Completely deviated from the herringbone
It simply does not reflect the ancient heart of benevolence and righteousness
On the contrary, it is nondescript
Old Feng due to injury
You know calligraphy
But not many.
You save lives
Not loving heaven and earth is also a human being
But these are villains
Real adults kill adults
It's killing people.
My Daxia Temple is constantly at war
Millions of armored warriors fought in bloodshed
Go on the field and kill the enemy
They use blood and flesh
Build the next Great Wall
Bless the people of Great Xia 1.40 billion
They were covered in blood.
They also don't understand traditional Chinese
But they
Worthy of the word man
Xiao Xiao's words
Rare in the world
Get it all
The old man has no regrets
Ancient, are you serious?